Welcome to the Cognee Release Root-Cause Analysis (RCA) dashboard playground.
Viewing the Quickstart Documentation tab for setting up Cognee on your own project.
Returning to the Playground Console where the Code Knowledge Graph is currently empty.
Clicking Ingest Demo Repo. Tree-Sitter AST parsing and Git release sync construct the graph.
Graph construction completes with 39 edges. INC-1001 (Python Checkout failures) is selected.
Clicking Run Graph RCA to start traversing the call-graph calls and imports.
Traversing complete. Surfacing app.payments.process_payment as the root-cause candidate.
Clicking View Diff. Git diff pane slides open showing code modifications in payments.py.
Selecting INC-1002 (Python receipt display shows N/A) in the incident list.
Clicking Run Graph RCA to traverse the call-graph from the receipt traceback frames.
Traversing completes, identifying app.utils.format_currency as the root-cause candidate.
Clicking View Diff to inspect the exact format code modifications inside app/utils.py.
Selecting INC-1004 (Chronological R1 validation error) in the incident list.
Clicking Run Graph RCA to trace the card validation error back through the graph.
Traversing completes, surfacing app.payments.validate_card as the root-cause culprit.
Clicking View Diff to review card validation modifications in app/payments.py.